In this document we include notes based on questions and comments pres-
ented to us by external software reviewers. If you have additional que-
stions, please contact Arun Moorthy (arunsmoorthy@gmail.com) and we wi-
ll include these ideas for future updates. 

COMMENTS:
Plotting using the "knitr" package in R allows us to create interactive
html documents that a user can use to explore the data set. Unfortunat-
ely, these packages are not developed by us and so we can not guarantee
they will always be operational. From our experience, the "knitr" pack-
age works with R3.2 and greater. The example folders for "Simple Simul-
ation", "Irregular Simulation" and "Meal Experiments" contain scripts
for creating these interactive plots. To execute the script, ensure th-
e permissions on "quick-plot.sh" are set to executable, and run:

$ ./quick-plot.sh

If you do not already have "knitr" installed in your system, you can 
install "knitr" by opening an instance of R and running the command:

install.packages("knitr", dependencies = TRUE)

For compuGUT users that cannot use the "knitr" package, we have inclu-
ded an r-script titled "animation-plotter.R" in the MinimalExample fo-
lder. This script will be automatically called when executing:

$ ./run-simulation.sh

in the MinimalExample folder. The "run-simulation" script automaticall-
y organizes the simulation results (raw data, figures, input files) in 
a folder named by system date. 

NOTE: If you do not have R installed on your system, you can download
a stable edition using the following terminal command:

$ sudo apt-get install r-base

Please contact us if you have issues installing gnu c compilers for 
compiling the c source code.



QUESTIONS:

Q: Does altering parameter variance (during stochastic simulations) 
affect every parameter or cant this be modified to chosen parameter(s)?

A: At present, the change in variance affects all biochemical 
parameters (kinetic rates, half-saturation concentrations, exchange, 
etc.), but parameter-by-parameter modifications can be done within the 
source code. Please contact us if you need help altering the source 
code.

 
